you are falling fast asleep deeper
deeper deeper you are now completely
asleep you don't need to smoke
cigarettes don't control you you are a
strong confident woman
hey you know I forgot the combination of
this about a year ago I just carry it
around
hey chapstick uh yeah hey how are those
tapes working out for you you know I'm
pretty good good I haven't smoked yet
today I feel great and confident that is
a stunning blouse
thank you
[Applause]
what
[Music]
the millionaire's here oh my god
guys please I'm just gonna have dinner
with him okay okay okay just because he
buys you dinner does not mean you owe
him anything
okay then get the lobster cigarettes
don't control you
you're strong Joey's your best friend
you wanna make him a cheese sandwich
every day and you also want to buy him
hundreds of dollars worth of pants
[Music]